What what things we have to add or Improve
Current Roles are = Artisans, Customer
Update Roles are = Artisans, Customer, b2b
1. dynamic Routes for each user type for Dashboard\[roles]
2. add a new role named b2b
3. Customer View can be similar as b2b View
4. A Profile Page Should also be Dynamic Rotes which Gives information according to the role selected mainly RBAC
5. Edit the current Setup page and add a B2B Along with I m an Artisan, I m an Customer 
6. When Clicking I m an Artisans a new Route will Open in which artisans have to setup there profile with fields like phone no, name, address, email (auto fetched as we logged in with O-Auth), Specialised in 
7. We have to change the database Schema as well and create/Edit the tables as well 


What Customer View Can Do?
a. Seeing the Marketfeed as a dashboard, search products etc
b. when clicking on any product their corresponding dynamic rotues under product[id] opens 
c. where they see all the Complete information about the artisans, product image, Price, Description etc and a option to add to cart and wishlist
d. A Profile Page for Customer as well where they can see his/her info like name, email, phoneno etc 

What B2b Can Do?
a. Same as Customer But they can order only in large bulk Quantites approx. 200+ on any product

#Improvements
1. Dashboard UI Should be Very Beautiful for Artisans because b2b and customer see the marketfeed while artisans have to see many things like total orders, there catalog info etc etc 
2. the Feed Should be more Optimized and clean so they can easily View on MoBile Screen with 2-column layout with lazy loading
3. We Should also implement the redis for our database Query's so application performance feels fast using cached data
4. Add Smooth minimal small animation through complete Application with similar kind of transitions so application feels consistent and alive
5. instead of a TopBar Loader we should add a Spinner 
6. Also We have to remove all the unwanted Rounded borders, backdrop filters shadows etc 
7. the Font for overall PWA application should be same with same styles
